---
layout: post
title:  "Prologue to the Murkmire Malevolence"
date:   2025-06-13 21:30:00
members: [Caelum, Amber, Rowan, Grof, Alice]
---

## Logs

### Rise team 14
*15th of Ches, 1493DR*

Today I assembled a new team (team 14) to replace team 11. A group of random loners. A prince who will never sit on his father's throne, a rogue with no family name (yet) who was forced to live in the shadows (but was not hard to find), a druid, a barbarian, and... should they get bored, a bard to entertain them. I estimate their chances of success at 23%. Tomorrow I will meet them.

### The stone that is an egg
*16th of Ches, 1493DR[I]*

[A doctor]({{ '/characters/doctor-dannell/' | relative_url }}) at Varkenbluff University in Greyhawk has approached me. Like many who are desperate, she offered me gold to help her. Her story intrigued me. A stone that is not a stone but an egg — that reminds me of one of the members of team 14, but I digress... The doctor claims it is the egg of an eldritch horror. If it hatches, it could have dire consequences, and time is of the essence. Since urgency is required, I fear there is no choice but to assign team 14 to the task. Well, if we do nothing, the outcome may be worse... I hope.

### A somewhat not horrible first meeting
*16th of Ches, 1493DR[II]*

My loyal assistant #237 (rest in peace #236) has brought team 14 to me. It felt awkward, as if some of them had never been part of a group before. I am starting to have doubts about this group's chances of success. [#4]({{ '/characters/grof-granok/' | relative_url }}) is a typical barbarian who prefers fighting over careful strategies. [#5]({{ '/characters/alice/' | relative_url }}) is not a bard as you would expect. No eye contact whatsoever. [#1]({{ '/characters/caelum/' | relative_url }}) carries a purple glowing stone, which he believes is well hidden. [#3]({{ '/characters/rowan/' | relative_url }}) showed his discomfort—whether this was due to the group or because he cannot cope with the bustle of the city I have yet to discover. [#2]({{ '/characters/alice/' | relative_url }}) has piqued my interest. Usually, I can quickly uncover a contractor's background, but with this halfling I have not succeeded so far.

I have instructed them to speak with Doctor Darnell. [#237]({{ '/characters/237/' | relative_url }}) will bring them to her. To be sure, I am sending [redacted] along to keep an eye on them.

